Microelectronics are the key enablers of nearly
every product or service that we use daily.
In a car, hundreds of
integrated circuits, –
sensors and micro-electromechanical
systems keep us safe.
Our smartphones feature –
tens of microelectronic
components and sensors.
At VTT, we research and develop microelectronic
components at the Micronova facility.
We innovate micro-electro-mechanical systems,
photonic integrated circuits, –
application specific integrated circuits,
hyperspectral solutions, –
as well as work with quantum
solutions and 2D materials.
Micronova serves as a central hub for
the Finnish microelectronics industry, –
bringing together experts working
on similar kinds of challenges.